and there's another way you can help too
and this is very easy you do all your
holiday shopping with red over the past
two years our red shop Athens have
raised ninety seven million dollars
which is not quite okay over the course
of the next hour you can get all your
holiday shopping done then tomorrow you
can say I'm done with my holiday
shopping and everyone you know will hate
you it'll be wonderful all right who's
ready to shop impulsively are you ready
my sweater
well this is the home-shopping fortune
on ourselves welcome and thank you for
tuning in all the way up to channel 915
for our third annual Redshaw Pathan I'm
Jimmy and this is your chance to do good
and buy good at the same time am i right
Guillermo or am i right
you're right thanks I guess our products
are not here yet where are our products
does anybody know where the products are
yes
[Applause]
we would never do that
okay that is an absolutely gorgeous
suitcase what do you call this color uh
it's red jimmies oh the color red that
is wild I've not seen that before this
is the Raiden red a 22 carry-on
oh that must cost what $30,000 yes again
more it's the opposite of more this
beautiful carry-on bag from Raiden is
only 200 all over again and wait until
you see what's inside
hey Gabe do you want to see what's on
the inside holy jesus born on Christmas
Day and this why this is the perfect
holiday gift hey let's get started
because I am itching like I've got
syphilis here I really want now this is
an item I know you're gonna love this is
you've probably seen this the beats pill
plus it was not for your mouth it's for
your ears that makes more sense
yeah the beats pill plus is a portable
speaker it's only 170 and 9.95 you can
listen to whatever kind of music you're
into rock rap or my favorite faith-based
music and part of every purchase goes to
benefit Reds fight against AIDS
well pill that fights aids now I've seen
it all thanks for watching our show
everybody no no no Chris tonight we
actually have a lot more stuff to get to
it hasn't happen in Melanson been close
to an hour I'm sorry garnet I just
wanted to get to RadioShack my local
RadioShack to buy you know that speaker
christened RadioShack died years ago
this year red has joined forces with
Amazon
well butter my butt and call me a
biscuit from now through the end of
December shoppers can buy more than a
hundred fifty red products at Amazon /
red or via
[Applause]
for my goodness in
Brian's not tell you something you smell
great
oh well thanks dude yeah that's because
I'm using red showered essentials kit
from Baxter of California it includes
shampoo body wash face wash and the
other I wish you guys at home could
smell Brian France right now Kristin
Kidman Garrett smell Brian okay well it
is just yeah I got Brian you smell
delicious
oh well thanks Kristin what I smell good
because I did good
[Applause]
and I'll tell you why because Baxter of
California it gives a piece of every
purchase to read oh isn't that wonderful
isn't that nice
[Applause]
would you mind handing me my Alexander
della Rossa woman's fleece rope oh I'd
love to do a woman's robe I think I'm
ready for my sweater right now hey Brian
maybe since you're here and you're
already naked you might have a stay and
host the rest of the shots on with us
that's awfully tempting but no can do no
okay Bryan Cranston well he likes to
fight AIDS the old-fashioned way how's
that Bryan well by running it over Jimmy
hello
Oh
[Applause]
you look at him go I don't know about
that but I do love that red Vespa Knight
46 scooter and matching vest those are
both part of the red products family I
do indeed it means it's time to get
serious let's get back to the desk
[Applause]
this next item is a real doozy Kristen
have you ever heard of DNA of course
well this is an opportunity to share
your DNA with the whole world it's a
health and ancestry service kit from
23andme learn all about your family
history using your spit well in my day
if you wanted to learn about your family
history you had to sit on Uncle maurices
lap while he whispered in your ear
really yeah that's weird yeah it is
definitely anymore uncle maurices passed
away I hope yeah yeah okay anyway well
that's great because now all you need is
a small tube of saliva oh I have mine
right here all right
that's wonderful now we're gonna find
out who Kristen Bell really is because
we have the results Kristen and you are
oh my goodness a hundred percent Mexican
Jimmy that's my
well that was for a second there I
wasn't sure of my co-host was wider or
not our next item is not only stylish
it's practical to a red leather smart
cover for the iPad pro isn't that red
[Music]
Apple has contributed a hundred and
sixty million dollars through the sale
of red products to fight against AIDS
Apple the company or the fruit um I
don't know I'm just reading the word
okay collections go to Apple calm calm
wait is there an echo in here
[Applause]
every home should have one of these tell
us about the echo it slices it dices
milk comes out of it and best of all
it's a chair none of those things are
true but the red echo will play anything
call anyone answer stupid questions
check your calendar weather scores
control your lights I mean it sounds
like I don't even need a husband anymore
when you really don't Kristin well we
are done tonight no one will ever need a
husband again
[Applause]
ten dollars from every purchase that is
one oh no Chrissy B we're almost out of
time and we have so many more red
products to show what are we gonna do
calm down Jimbo Kimball I've got it
under control
bring out that red light special
is wearing the special edition red beach
solar 3 wireless headphones on his ears
on his wrist you can see the beaded love
bracelet from Ubuntu and Alex and Ani
inspired bracelet he is so cute and he's
wearing a shirt from baller his pants
are being held up by the MCM reversible
belt door of a little feet a pair of
noble fire camo trainers and Guillermo
staying dry under a blunt red Metro
umbrella get that open Guillermo or
you're fired
and I'm running up it's capable thank my
girl skateboards
he does it is true in the best part I
bought everything with Jimmy's credit
card
we thought everyone in the studio honors
a red Amazon ankle to take home
I've made a mistake
I'm a celebrity guest stylist Rita
Wilson
listen it's coming for a surprise
audience makeover okay okay all right
how about you right there glasses goatee
black shirt
[Applause]
[Music]
my name is woody woody have you ever had
a surprise TV makeover before I have not
but I didn't know this is a magic show
this is cool well by the way I've never
done a makeover before this is my very
first one I don't know what the hell I'm
doing I hope you have insurance how fun
well Rita goes to work let me tell you
about the exciting makeover products
we'll be using today Rita will be
applying the a HC Hydra b5 soother with
Kiki Milano skin trainer for your eyes
from there she'll be using the retinol
restorative neck cream from a hundred
percent pure cosmetics company and a
clean and zero cream from vanilla
company and she'll finish you off woody
with the sugar red lip treatment from
fresh okay I think we're ready for the
big reveal how did we do
[Applause]
what do you think oh my god I look like
a monster
what are you done to my face they gave
you a makeover you're welcome
I'm not ridiculous well yeah but what if
I told you all the products we used on
you helped fight AIDS oh well in that
case I look amazing your chance to buy
all your gifts to help stop aids in one
convenient place and there's still time
to take advantage of these amazing deals
you know why don't we take a call hello
are you there caller Chrissy Kristen let
me eat can I come in
you're outside what's up can I come in
uh well I don't know I mean you could be
a murderer but you know what I say why
not come on
[Music]
my son Asad tuk Khaled my biggest
blessing also my son you can see what
he's doing like he's keeping it cozy
with his spongebob you're saying dream
blanket from I want to say this right
yes yes and a onesie another onesie
that's what we call cloth talk okay
oh no my phone is out of juice I got I
got a solution for that
that's right you see it right here a
charger that charges micro USB devices
and of course your special phone that
Apple phone right there
[Music]
by the way I like your outfit thank you
very much
alright alright I'm gonna take this
picture now ready say bless up
bless
[Applause]
[Music]